README.md, before:

**Version 1.0.1**
Code and samples of the html structure and a css stylesheet of the third "Probleamtica Semanal" from the Become a software developer course. In this code i design and create a brand new newspapper web page, I create from scratch the structure of that web page with the basics html and add format with the css styling lenguage. The main concern was the use of media queries and Flexbox Css to make a responsive design. That means that the newspaper could be renderize from a cellphone, a table or a desktop screen. One of the determinate things in wich i focused was the internalization of the so called "Buenas Prácticas" of the both css and html coding, these good practices suchs as proxily, coherence and adaptability are not strictly requiered to be a programer but neccesary to be a good programer and make individual and group work more efficient.

Git hub pages link: https://lleyria.github.io/problematica3/ 

Contributors
Leyria, Lisandro: l.leyria93@gmail.com 
Radium Rocket: https://radiumrocket.com/

Commit message:

Added Fifth "Problemática Semanal" description
Characteristics, motivations and objectives of the fifth "Problemática Semanal".

README.md, after:

**Version 1.0.1**
Code and samples of the html structure, css stylesheet and js logic of the third and fifth "Probleamtica Semanal" from the Become a software developer course. For third "Problematica Semanal" I design and create a brand new newspapper web page, I create from scratch the structure of that web page with the basics html elements and add format with the css styling lenguage. The main concern was the use of media queries and Flexbox Css to make a responsive design. That means that the newspaper could be renderize from a cellphone, a table or a desktop screen.
For fifth "Problematica Semanal" I create a html structure, css style and js logic of a new section of the newspapper. This new section contains a suscription form to the newspapper. The requierements of this form were ten fields, each one of them with their own validation conditions, in case the filled field does not pass the validation an error message has to be displayed with the nature of the error. These fields also have to be displayed in one column if it was renderized from an cellphone and in a two-column format if it was a desktop screen.
One of the determinate things in which i focused was the internalization of the so called "Buenas Prácticas" of the both css and html coding, these good practices suchs as proxily, coherence and adaptability are not strictly requiered to be a programer but neccesary to be a good programer and make individual and group work more efficient.

Git hub pages main web link: https://lleyria.github.io/problematica3/
Git hub pages suscription form link : https://lleyria.github.io/problematica3/suscription-form.html/

Contributors
Leyria, Lisandro: l.leyria93@gmail.com 
Radium Rocket: https://radiumrocket.com/
